Add dockerfile to run the server and ensure it works in the CI (#27)
keras-team/keras-io: README.md

## Generating a local copy of the website

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd scripts
python autogen.py make
python autogen.py serve
```

If you have Docker (you don't need the gpu version of Docker), you can run instead:

```
docker build -t keras-io . && docker run --rm -p 8000:8000 keras-io
```

> It's going to take a while the first time, because it's going to pull the 
> image and the dependencies, but the second time, it's much faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will take a while the first time because it's going to pull the 
image and the dependencies, but on the next times it'll be much faster.
```

I don't think you even need to say this, as docker has a very good progress bar.
You can remove this paragraph entirely.

Author: It might not be obvious for people who are not used to docker. Thanks for the rewording, I'll commit your proposition. I still have the bug to fix about the comment tag. @pedro823 , did you manage to generate and serve the website locally by any chance (inside or outside docker)? Just to have another data point about the bug.

Reviewer: I'll fork this branch and try it soon, will let you know :)

Author: I meant in master :), not necessarily this branch specifically. For me the bug is also happening in master.
